[BRB-1262] rebrand to mesh (#15)
FrontFin/mesh-react-native-sdk: README.md

[![Security Rating](https://sonarqube.getfront.com/api/project_badges/measure?project=FrontFin_mesh-react-native-sdk_AYtDIH_UIVHuUYros6Ac&metric=security_rating&token=sqb_b86a73cc697768102ea42befa131cc75292d194c)](https://sonarqube.getfront.com/dashboard?id=FrontFin_mesh-react-native-sdk_AYtDIH_UIVHuUYros6Ac)

## Installation

With `npm`:

```
npm install --save @meshconnect/react-native-link-sdk
```

With `yarn`:

```
yarn add @meshconnect/react-native-link-sdk
```

💡 This package requires `react-native-webview` to be installed in your project. Some times it is not installed automatically (This is a known [npm issue](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/18401606/npm-doesnt-install-module-dependencies)). You should install it manually via following command in this case:
```bash
npm install --save react-native-webview

# or with yarn
yarn add react-native-webview
```

### Get Link token
Link token should be obtained from the POST /api/v1/linktoken endpoint. 

> API reference for this request is available here. The request must be performed from the server side because it requires the client's secret. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API reference for this request is available [here](https://docs.meshconnect.com/reference/post_api-v1-linktoken)
```
